hey what's going on y'all knowledge
speaks truth coming at you this is the
album review on nauseas life is good
album uh you know i just got done
listening to the full album this is a
really great albums probably one of the
best albums i've heard since probably
Big Creek you know you know I get a UH
album view on that actually that was a
mixtape but yeah it's a real good album
it's got a lot of creativity in its a
lot of story turned it's a raw hip-hop
album but then I like how you know he
got the joints on there that the ladies
can relate to two so you know it's
definitely worth the money um so my
favorite joints on the I would say is I
like a queen story you know y'all don't
know you know i was born in Queens and I
moved out here but all about 12 years
old you know to LA so you know I have a
big attachment to New York you know
that's where a lot of my family's
originated from so you're not a lot of
love for Queens um summer smash thats a
good track that's where the first tracks
i've heard from Swizz Beatz in awhile i
actually liked because he'd been coming
out with a lot of you know
stuff that just kind of sound the same
or he trying to work the radio to money
and it just hasn't sound that good but
that record there sounded real good um
it's another record with a Anthony
helmet in it's called worlds in
addiction that's a great great record of
lyricism is on point on there it's got a
lot of soul that's one of my favorite
records on their hair one day with Amy
Winehouse called cherry wine that's a
great record you gotta produced track
that gets heavy d at gay too and call
the dawn that's another girl reg I mean
this whole album 12 18 is just great you
know it's probably the best album don't
here for the rest of this year you know
I know a lot of people was talking about
you know what is
be as good as up you know watch the
throne and on it and to me it is you
know watching throwing more commercial
eyes and your hair good tracks on there
but it's not like this out I like how he
kept it hip-hop you know you don't have
any tracks on there when he's trying to
market you know to middle-class white
kids or the club and I'm disrespecting
under y'all white people out there I'm
just saying you know this is the way the
game is going i work in the music
industry so I know the way albums are
put together and certain tracks event
the record company will make artists
made you know to put out to the public
so you know he kept it real hip-hop it's
got lyricism or in there it's got a
creativity it's got soul it's got a
passion he's got a track over there you
know when he's talking about kelis and
their own relationship you know with
them get married and then divorce and
everything it's called bye baby I'll
check that out that's a great record I
do have a link to the actual album the
album doesn't come out to the 17 but you
know I got actually I'm not going to
give it out to everybody though you know
if you subscribe to me or you know you
push that somebody hit me up in the
Inbox like y'all are subscriber you boom
i'll give you the link but you know
that's pretty much how that's gonna go
or you can just wait to the 17 or way to
you scramble up ten fifteen dollars and
by now but what you should anyway
because it's worth your money but unless
if yall subscribe y'all comment let me
know a child feel about em if you have
heard it let me know what you your
expectations on the album if you haven't
heard you know where you go out to buy
that's it I'm out sharpies